Rename `StateScoped` to `DespawnOnExitState` and add `DespawnOnEnterState` (#18818)
bevyengine/bevy: examples/README.md

[Run Conditions](../examples/ecs/run_conditions.rs) | Run systems only when one or multiple conditions are met
[Send and receive events](../examples/ecs/send_and_receive_events.rs) | Demonstrates how to send and receive events of the same type in a single system
[Startup System](../examples/ecs/startup_system.rs) | Demonstrates a startup system (one that runs once when the app starts up)

> [State Scoped](../examples/ecs/state_scoped.rs) | Shows how to use a game state enum to run systems during state transitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[State Scoped](../examples/ecs/state_scoped.rs) | Shows how to spawn entities that are scoped to specific game states.
```
The example more specifically shows how to scope entities to states, which requires both a system to run on state transition to spawn the entity, as well as a component to mark the entity to despawn later.
